He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favourite snack.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
The hawk didn't understand why the ground squirrels didn't want to be his friend.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
I used to live in my neighbour's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighbourhood.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
We need to rent a room for our party.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Love is not like pizza.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
I'm not sure if there is a meaning to life.
Jessica wants a new book.
He made the hard decision but the right one.
I have 10 hair curlers.
She washed the grapes.
It is all going to be all right.
I have no money at the moment.
He was dressed like a peacock.
The Avengers are stupid.
It's up to you.
She's trying to drown her sorrows.
The broken leg isn't Tom's biggest problem.
This shoe is a size bigger.
I made a list.
I have a lot of things to tell you.
All the swings are full.
The snail has a hard shell.
There is a bridge over there.
She was my wife.
Shake your hips back and forth!
I need to look at your car.
There are clothes everywhere.
Mother doesn't make things up.
The choice was mine.
You're a huge help.
It's the size of a golf ball.
He didn't know who to go as for Halloween.
I have the tulips.
She still loves him.
Those apples are very red.
The gang's all here.
Tom asked me if he was invited to the party.
I didn't want to make a big deal about it.
I love frozen yogurt.
Star Wars is the best space series in media.
My pants were falling down so I added a belt.
Don't worry about it!
Would you like to have some coffee?
How do you like it?
I'm going to the mall.
Italians eat a large meal twice a day.
Plenty of sleep is healthful.
Being fashionable is a lot of work.
My phone died in the middle of the concert.
Tom is already on top of it.
I just took a nap.
She knows New York like the back of her hand.
Whitening your teeth can be bad for them.
Oysters are disgusting.
The library was quiet until we got here.
I made a smoothie for you.
We already know the truth.
His speech covered many subjects.
My hair hurts.
We are buzzing on this espresso.
She still loves him.
Toudaiji is the bigger of the two temples.
That's all!
It is all going to be all right.
Sometimes I get confused where the ball went.
The rest of the party attendees had fallen silent.
The chairs made a loud noise when we sat down on them.
Our house is a historic building and protected monument.
She was curling her hair when she accidentally burned her forehead.
I always list what I need before I go shopping.
We love the idea of taking over a legacy restaurant.
She wasn't sure if she liked her job or not, but she was sure it was better than being unemployed.
I was excited to spend time with my wife without being interrupted by work.
The new movie was not as good as I thought it would be.
I've had plenty of relationships that seemed like they'd work on paper, but in practice, they were a bad idea.
The nurse asked me which medications I was taking.
I wish I had met my uncle yesterday like I was supposed to.
I think that little device on the wall is a bomb.
Airplanes are, statistically, the safest form of transportation.
Capitalism efficiently allocates resources according to our needs and wants.
The library had frustratingly short business hours.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
Are you seriously going to let him talk about me that way?
Who broke my limited-edition Spacejam flower vase?
Can I lick the bottom of the ice cream container?
She constantly thought she was one mistake away from being fired.
The girl lived in a very expensive apartment, but didn't take care of it.
I wish I had met my uncle yesterday like I was supposed to.
I twisted my ankle but couldn't afford to pay for taxis, so had to keep walking on it for weeks.
You should think about that for the rest of your life.
I got my hair cut today, and they cut it way too short.
We have been convinced of this because the people who own everything also own the news.
There are chips that I want in that vending machine.
We've got much bigger problems to deal with right now.
There are many things that confuse me about that.
I hope that a little bit of my soul dwindles away.
She hated the taste of butter so much that it made her gag.
When I was a child, our house seemed bigger than now.
There've been some big changes made around here.
When I was a kid, I had a best friend named Marissa.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
Do you mind waiting an extra hour so I can read more of my book?
How old were you when this town had its big fire?
Selling hand-made objects is the main source of income for locals.
She got stressed out whenever she saw a notification on her email.
Her friend had a white Persian cat called Milky Boy.
Alone in the big city, I began to get homesick.
He was very excited to see her, after two months away.
If you don't give me your cookie, I will stomp on your foot and break your toes.
I was so into it, I lost track of time and missed my soccer practice.
We should all be sure to keep our promises, even when it is difficult.
My mom drove me to school fifteen minutes late on Tuesday.
I will never choose to be with you, even if we are the last two humans on earth.
In her dreams, she was a Health and Wellness Reporter at the New York Times, but she knew she had a long way to go before she would get there.
Everything you've ever wanted is right in front of you.
She wished her mom lived in the city so she could buy her dinner.
I have one big brother and two little sisters.
Sales have dropped off at every department store.
Tommy lost the shopping list his mother had given him and just bought things he wanted to eat.
I was already sorry that you had to work with Blake.
Did she think she was going to swim all the way to Europe?
Are you honestly saying you believe in ghosts?
What kind of sentence are you looking for anyway?
I can't tell you who's on the list because I haven't seen it yet.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
Yes, philosophically speaking, all tweets are bad, but to be fully human is to rebel against this fact – to send our terrible tweets out into the universe anyway.
Where have you lived and which was your favorite place?
I didn't like how they dyed my hair today at the salon.
The news that she got divorced was a big surprise.
She ate a sandwich for lunch which contained turkey, cheddar cheese, and slices of strawberries.
I thought you'd be full after eating that 18 oz steak.
It doesn't look like there's any big reason to hurry.
My dad told me that I was his favorite person in the whole wide world.
She wanted an old-fashioned globe with cool, faded colors.
She painted her face purple for Halloween, so she could go as a grape.
I'll be back tomorrow, and we can decide together then.
The library had frustratingly short business hours.
Vanilla Nesquick is the inferior form of Nesquick.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
She was disgusted he couldn't tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
Watching the geriatric men's softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle's disappearance.
He watched as the young man tried to impress everyone in the room with his intelligence. There was no doubt that he was smart. The fact that he was more intelligent than anyone else in the room could have been easily deduced, but nobody was really paying any attention due to the fact that it was also obvious that the young man only cared about his intelligence.
Her eyebrows were a shade darker than her hair. They were thick and almost horizontal, emphasizing the depth of her eyes. She was rather handsome than beautiful. Her face was captivating by reason of a certain frankness of expression and a contradictory subtle play of features. Her manner was engaging.
Smoking is very injurious to health. It is harmful both to a smoker and his companion. It affects lungs and causes serious diseases. One of the chief causes of ailment is smoking. It pollutes the environment too. Government should take steps to fine the people smoking at public places.
I went from one road to another to get a clear passage to my office. But to my ill luck, I found the traffic jammed on every road.
I was lucky to escape death by a few seconds. A bomb blasted in the compartment of Nilanchal Express. The overcrowded compartment made me get down. Anyhow the loss was great. About ten people died and many got injured. It was the job of a terrorist. The government should intensify search operations in trains.
She wanted rainbow hair. That's what she told the hairdresser. It should be deep rainbow colours, too. She wasn't interested in pastel rainbow hair. She wanted it deep and vibrant so there was no doubt that she had done this on purpose.
Strikes mean not going to work. It is a weapon of the weak against the strong. The workers often resort to strikes to highlight their demands. Strikes are not bad but their method is bad. Workers should not go on strikes for longer periods. They should strike work for a few minutes daily to press their demands. Let the production not suffer.
I guess we could discuss the implications of the phrase "meant to be." That is if we wanted to drown ourselves in a sea of backwardly referential semantics and other mumbo-jumbo. Maybe such a discussion would result in the determination that "meant to be" is exactly as meaningless a phrase as it seems to be, and that none of us is actually meant to be doing anything at all. But that's my existential underpants underpinnings showing. It's the way the cookie crumbles. And now I want a cookie.
"Begin today!" That's all the note said. There was no indication from where it came or who may have written it. Had it been meant for someone else? Meghan looked around the room, but nobody made eye contact back. For a brief moment, she thought it might be a message for her to follow her dreams, but ultimately decided it was easier to ignore it as she crumpled it up and threw it away.
He sat across from her trying to imagine it was the first time. It wasn't. Had it been a hundred? It quite possibly could have been. Two hundred? Probably not. His mind wandered until he caught himself and again tried to imagine it was the first time.
Colors bounced around in her head. They mixed and threaded themselves together. Even colors that had no business being together. They were all one, yet distinctly separate at the same time. How was she going to explain this to the others?
She tried not to judge him. His ratty clothes and unkempt hair made him look homeless. Was he really the next Einstein as she had been told? On the off chance it was true, she continued to try not to judge him.
She sat in the darkened room waiting. It was now a standoff. He had the power to put her in the room, but not the power to make her repent. It wasn't fair and no matter how long she had to endure the darkness, she wouldn't change her attitude. At three years old, Sandy's stubborn personality had already bloomed into full view.
My visit to a Science Fair In D.A.V. Senior Secondary School, Shalimar Bagh was a happy experience. There were 160 exhibits on display. These model inventions showed the progress of Science in our Schools. The young scientists were explaining their inventions with pride. The best exhibit was a robot that served us tea. The fair showed the future greatness of our country.
There are different types of secrets. She had held onto plenty of them during her life, but this one was different. She found herself holding onto the worst type. It was the type of secret that could gnaw away at your insides if you didn't tell someone about it, but it could end up getting you killed if you did.
She considered the birds to be her friends. She'd put out food for them each morning and then she'd watch as they came to the feeders to gorge themselves for the day. She wondered what they would do if something ever happened to her. Would they miss the meals she provided if she failed to put out the food one morning?
She patiently waited for his number to be called. She had no desire to be there, but her mom had insisted that she go. She resisted at first, but over time she realized it was simply easier to appease her and go. Mom tended to be that way. She would keep insisting until you wore down and did what she wanted. So, here she sat, patiently waiting for her number to be called.
He knew what he was supposed to do. That had been apparent from the beginning. That was what made the choice so difficult. What he was supposed to do and what he would do were not the same. This would have been fine if he were willing to face the inevitable consequences, but he wasn't.
I eat every fruit. Fruit is good for health. But I like apples the most. Apples have many points to score over other fruits. It is tasty. It is juicy. It has more iron. It has more vitamins. It is easily digestible. We can eat this fruit before or after a meal. Kashmiri apples are the best to eat.
Haridwar is a sacred place of the Hindus. People often go there for a dip in ganga. This year lots of people gathered to enjoy the Purnima bath. People began to enjoy dips very early. But somehow, something strange happened on one of the bridges. People began to rush and there was a stampede. About eighty five people lost their lives. The authorities realized the mistake afterwards but it was too late.
She never liked cleaning the sink. It was beyond her comprehension how it got so dirty so quickly. It seemed that she was forced to clean it every other day. Even when she was extra careful to keep things clean and orderly, it still ended up looking like a mess in a couple of days. What she didn't know was there was a tiny creature living in it that didn't like neat things.
Where do they get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate button. Do they just write a random paragraph or do they get it somewhere? At that moment he read the random paragraph and realized it was about random paragraphs and his world would never be the same.
It was that terrifying feeling you have as you tightly hold the covers over you with the knowledge that there is something hiding under your bed. You want to look, but you don't at the same time. You're frozen with fear and unable to act. That's where she found herself and she didn't know what to do next
She looked at her little girl who was about to become a teen. She tried to think back to when the girl had been younger but failed to pinpoint the exact moment when she had become a little too big to pick up and carry. It hit her all at once. She was no longer a little girl and she stood there speechless with fear, sadness, and pride all running through her at the same time.
There was no time. He ran out of the door without half the stuff he needed for work, but it didn't matter. He was late and if he didn't make this meeting on time, someone's life may be in danger.
The computer wouldn't start. She banged on the side and tried again. Nothing. She lifted it up and dropped it to the table. Still nothing. She banged her closed fist against the top. It was at this moment she saw the irony of trying to fix the machine with violence.
Hopes and dreams were dashed that day. It should have been expected, but it still came as a shock. The warning signs had been ignored in favour of the possibility, however remote, that it could actually happen. That possibility had grown from hope to an undeniable belief it must be destiny. That was until it wasn't and the hopes and dreams came crashing down.
She counted. One. She could hear the steps coming closer. Two. Puffs of breath could be seen coming from his mouth. Three. He stopped beside her. Four. She pulled the trigger of the gun.
There were little things that she simply could not stand. The sound of someone tapping their nails on the table. A person chewing with their mouth open. Another human imposing themselves into her space. She couldn't stand any of these things, but none of them compared to the number one thing she couldn't stand which topped all of them combined.
They argue. While the argument seems to be different the truth is it's always the same. Yes, the topic may be different or the circumstances, but when all said and done, it all came back to the same thing. They both knew it, but neither has the courage or strength to address the underlying issue. So they continue to argue.
Dave wasn't exactly sure how he had ended up in this predicament. He ran through all the events that had led to this current situation and it still didn't make sense. He wanted to spend some time trying to make sense of it all, but he had higher priorities at the moment. The first was how to get out of his current situation of being stuck in a tree with snow falling all around and no way for him to get down.
I happened to see a one day cricket match between Pakistan and Australia at Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai. I went for fun. But I witnessed a horrible sight. Two thousand ticketless cricket fans gate crashed. There was a stampede. Three persons died and twenty were injured. Administration was responsible for it.
Adult education is essential for Democracy of India. The number of grown up illiterates is great. All college and senior School students should come forward to visit villages in the summer vacation. Each one will teach one there. This will remove illiteracy and strengthen our democracy.
He had done everything right. There had been no mistakes throughout the entire process. It had been perfect and he knew it without a doubt, but the results still stared back at him with the fact that he had lost.
Don't be scared. The things out there that are unknown aren't scary in themselves. They are just unknown at the moment. Take the time to know them before you list them as scary. Then the world will be a much less scary place for you.
The amber droplet hung from the branch, reaching fullness and ready to drop. It waited. While many of the other droplets were satisfied to form as big as they could and release, this droplet had other plans. It wanted to be part of history. It wanted to be remembered long after all the other droplets had dissolved into history. So it waited for the perfect specimen to fly by to trap and capture that it hoped would eventually be discovered hundreds of years in the future.
She had come to the conclusion that you could tell a lot about a person by their ears. The way they stuck out and the size of the earlobes could give you wonderful insights into the person. Of course, she couldn't scientifically prove any of this, but that didn't matter to her. Before anything else, she would size up the ears of the person she was talking to.
She looked at her student wondering if she could ever get through. "You need to learn to think for yourself," she wanted to tell him. "Your friends are holding you back and bringing you down." But she didn't because she knew his friends were all that he had and even if that meant a life of misery, he would never give them up.
Out of another, I get a lovely view of the bay and a little private wharf belonging to the estate. There is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there from the house. I always fancy seeing people walking in these numerous paths and arbours, but John has cautioned me not to give way to fancy in the least. He says that with my imaginative power and habit of story-making a nervous weakness like mine is sure to lead to all manner of excited fancies and that I ought to use my will and good sense to check the tendency. So I will try.
The trees, therefore, must be such old and primitive techniques that they thought nothing of them, deeming them so inconsequential that even savages like us would know of them and not be suspicious. At that, they probably didn't have too much time after they detected us orbiting and intending to land. And if that were true, there could be only one place where their civilization was hidden.
The boy walked down the street in a carefree way, playing without notice of what was about him. He didn't hear the sound of the car as his ball careened into the road. He took a step toward it, and in doing so sealed his fate.
It's not his fault. I know you're going to want to, but you can't blame him. He really has no idea how it happened. I kept trying to come up with excuses I could say to mom that would keep her calm when she found out what happened, but the more I tried, the more I could see none of them would work. He was going to get her wrath and there was nothing I could say to prevent it.
She tried to explain that love wasn't like pie. There wasn't a set number of slices to be given out. There wasn't less to be given to one person if you wanted to give more to another. That after a set amount was given out it would all disappear. She tried to explain this, but it fell on deaf ears.
It was a scrape that he hardly noticed. Sure, there was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to most of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on his adventures. There was no way he could know that the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic material on it that was now racing through his bloodstream. He felt perfectly normal and continued his adventure with no knowledge of what was about to happen to him.
He had three simple rules by which he lived. The first was to never eat blue food. There was nothing in nature that was edible that was blue. People often ask about blueberries, but everyone knows those are actually purple. He understood it was one of the stranger rules to live by, but it had served him well thus far in the 50+ years of his life.
The wave crashed and hit the sandcastle head-on. The sandcastle began to melt under the wave's force and as the wave receded, half the sandcastle was gone. The next wave hit, not quite as strong, but still managed to cover the remains of the sandcastle and take more of it away. The third wave, a big one, crashed over the sandcastle completely covering and engulfing it. When it receded, there was no trace the sandcastle ever existed and hours of hard work disappeared forever.
Rising prices have made the life of the common man very difficult. He cannot make both ends meet. The hoarders are chiefly responsible for the rising prices. The greedy traders raise prices to get more profit. The Government should help the people. It should distribute essential commodities at fair price shops. It should also take steps to check hoarding.
She had been told time and time again that the most important steps were the first and the last. It was something that she carried within her in everything she did, but then he showed up and disrupted everything. He told her that she had it wrong. The first step wasn't the most important. The last step wasn't the most important. It was the next step that was the most important.
He picked up the burnt end of the branch and made a mark on the stone. Day 52 if the marks on the stone were accurate. He couldn't be sure. Day and nights had begun to blend together creating confusion, but he knew it was a long time. Much too long.
Once my mother loved me very much when I had a bad dream. I broke my leg and was in plaster for two months. These and other memories still come on the inner screen of my mind very often.
I haven't bailed on writing. Look, I'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track. I am making an effort. I will start writing consistently again!
There wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention. It was the clouds. The deep green that isn't the colour of clouds, but came with these. She knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared.
Memories of childhood are unforgettable. I was four years old when my grandfather died. I clearly remember how everybody in the house was weeping.
A long black shadow slid across the pavement near their feet and the five Venusians, very much startled, looked overhead. They were barely in time to see the huge gray form of the carnivore before it vanished behind a sign atop a nearby building which bore the mystifying information "Pepsi-Cola."
Cake or pie? I can tell a lot about you by which one you pick. It may seem silly, but cake people and pie people are really different. I know which one I hope you are, but that's not for me to decide. So, what is it? Cake or pie?
He ordered his regular breakfast. Two eggs sunnyside up, hash browns, and two strips of bacon. He continued to look at the menu wondering if this would be the day he added something new. This was also part of the routine. A few seconds of hesitation to see if something else would be added to the order before demuring and saying that would be all. It was the same exact meal that he had ordered every day for the past two years.
Dowry consists of things given by parents to their daughters at the time of their marriage. Once this was done to start life well. But the greedy parents of bridegrooms demand more money and material. Some girls have to lose their lives for bringing fewer dowries. Burning brides is daily news these days. Both the Government and the public should discourage the dowry seekers.
The cab arrived late. The inside was in as bad of shape as the outside which was concerning, and it didn't appear that it had been cleaned in months. The green tree air-freshener hanging from the rearview mirror was either exhausted of its scent or not strong enough to overcome the other odors emitting from the cab. The correct decision, in this case, was to get the hell out of it and to call another cab, but she was late and didn't have a choice.
It was a rat's nest. Not a literal one, but that is what her hair seemed to resemble every morning when she got up. It was going to take at least an hour to get it under control and she was sick and tired of it. She peered into the mirror and wondered if it was worth it. It wasn't. She opened the drawer and picked up the hair clippers.
The young man wanted a role model. He looked long and hard in his youth, but that role model never materialized. His only choice was to embrace all the people in his life he didn't want to be like.
Was it enough? That was the question he kept asking himself. Was being satisfied enough? He looked around him at everyone yearning to just be satisfied in their daily life and he had reached that goal. He knew that he was satisfied and he also knew it wasn't going to be enough.
City life is full of fun. There are parks and picnic spots to visit. We have cinema halls to see movies. We have electricity which runs our factories, lights and cools our home and helps us in seeing T.V. There are all type of amenities like water, health check up and transport. Sometimes circus shows and magic shows entertain the city people.
Pollution is the burning problem of today. But not much attention is paid to noise pollution. The noise from vehicles, machines and loud speakers is deafening. People have to speak loudly to be heard. All this causes tension and a lot of diseases. Government should take steps to control noise pollution.
I'm heading back to Colorado tomorrow after being down in Santa Barbara over the weekend for the festival there. I will be making October plans once there and will try to arrange so I'm back here for the birthday if possible. I'll let you know as soon as I know the doctor's appointment schedule and my flight plans.
It was difficult for him to admit he was wrong. He had been so certain that he was correct and the deeply held belief could never be shaken. Yet the proof that he had been incorrect stood right before his eyes. "See daddy, I told you that they are real!" his daughter excitedly proclaimed.
He sat staring at the person in the train stopped at the station going in the opposite direction. She sat staring ahead, never noticing that she was being watched. Both trains began to move and he knew that in another timeline or in another universe, they had been happy together.
He was an expert but not in a discipline that anyone could fully appreciate. He knew how to hold the cone just right so that the soft server ice-cream fell into it at the precise angle to form a perfect cone each and every time. It had taken years to perfect and he could now do it without even putting any thought behind it. Nobody seemed to fully understand the beauty of this accomplishment except for the new worker who watched in amazement.
It was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind. He'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped. There was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last.
The day had begun on a bright note. The sun finally peeked through the rain for the first time in a week, and the birds were singing in its warmth. There was no way to anticipate what was about to happen. It was a worst-case scenario and there was no way out of it.
One dollar and eighty-seven cents. That was all. And sixty cents of it was in pennies. Pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one's cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied. One dollar and eighty-seven cents. And the next day would be Christmas...
City Anti-pollution Drive demands certain steps from all the citizens of ABC city. All house-holders should pack the waste in a plastic bag and put the bag in front of their house. The bag will be replaced with an empty bag by the Municipal van every morning. They should maintain the cleanliness of the city. This will make the city pollution free.
She's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore. The answers were always the same. Well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense. A more accurate description was the answers never surprised her. So, she asked for the 10,000th time, "What's your favourite animal?" But this time was different. When she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly.
Unemployment is a burning problem in India today. Our schools and Universities produce more job-seeking men than the jobs available. The young men only want office jobs. They do not get proficiency in some technical line. The result is that our young men roam about on the roads. The incidents of thefts and other antisocial acts are due to unemployment.
It was 9th of July, I left for my office. I had not gone far when it began to rain heavily. Soon the roads began to overflow. The traffic got jammed.
He ordered his regular breakfast. Two eggs sunnyside up, hash browns, and two strips of bacon. He continued to look at the menu wondering if this would be the day he added something new. This was also part of the routine. A few seconds of hesitation to see if something else would be added to the order before saying that would be all. It was the same exact meal that he had ordered every day for the past two years.
There are only three ways to make this work. The first is to let me take care of everything. The second is for you to take care of everything. The third is to split everything 50 / 50. I think the last option is the most preferable, but I'm certain it'll also mean the end of our marriage.
It's always good to bring a slower friend with you on a hike. If you happen to come across bears, the whole group doesn't have to worry. Only the slowest in the group do. That was the lesson they were about to learn that day.
The Gemini Circus had added many new items to attract a crowd. The usual feats of rope-walking, cycling, and horse tricks were heartwarming. The lion giving a ride to a human child was the best of all the items. The elephant came with a tiger on its back. A jeep had a ten meter jump. The band added charm to the whole show.
He couldn't move. His head throbbed and spun. He couldn't decide if it was the flu or the drinking last night. It was probably a combination of both.
Don't forget that gifts often come with costs that go beyond their purchase price. When you purchase a child the latest smartphone, you're also committing to a monthly phone bill. When you purchase the latest gaming system, you're likely not going to be satisfied with the games that come with it for long and want to purchase new titles to play. When you buy gifts it's important to remember that some come with additional costs down the road that can be much more expensive than the initial gift itself.
"It was so great to hear from you today and it was such weird timing," he said. "This is going to sound funny and a little strange, but you were in a dream I had just a couple of days ago. I'd love to get together and tell you about it if you're up for a cup of coffee," he continued, laying the trap he'd been planning for years.
The robot clicked disapprovingly, gurgled briefly inside its cubicle interior and extruded a pony glass of brownish liquid. "Sir, you will undoubtedly end up in a drunkard's grave, dead of hepatic cirrhosis," it informed me virtuously as it returned my ID card. I glared as I pushed the glass across the table.
Sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned. This had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it. He didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it. Or at least he thought he had. All that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound.
You know that tingly feeling you get on the back of your neck sometimes? I just got that feeling when talking with her. You know I don't believe in sixth senses, but there is something not right with her. I don't know how I know, but I just do.
Pink ponies and purple giraffes roamed the field. Cotton candy grew from the ground as a chocolate river meandered off to the side. What looked like stones in the pasture were actually rock candy. Everything in her dream seemed to be perfect except for the fact that she had no mouth.
As she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye. It wasn't so much its colour or shape, but the way it was moving. She squinted to see if she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't help. As she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why this uneasiness was building inside her body. She felt like she should get up and run. If only she could make out what it was. At that moment, she comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life would never be the same.
Punctuality means time-sense. To fulfil your assignments on time is punctuality. It is the ornament of a gentleman and a weapon in the hands of a boss. Those who are punctual are loved and liked by all. They finish their job in time and are able to give finishing touches needed for the job. They never miss golden chances and are always successful in life.
I recently discovered I could make fudge with just chocolate chips, sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract, and a thick pot on slow heat. I tried it with dark chocolate chunks and I tried it with semi-sweet chocolate chips. It's better with both kinds. It comes out pretty bad with just the dark chocolate. The best add-ins are crushed almonds and marshmallows -- what you get from that is Rocky Road. It takes about twenty minutes from start to fridge, and then it takes about six months to work off the twenty pounds you gain from eating it. All things in moderation, friends. All things in moderation.
Things aren't going well at all with mom today. She is just a limp noodle and wants to sleep all the time. I sure hope that things get better soon.
"What is the best way to get what you want?" she asked. He looked down at the ground knowing that she wouldn't like his answer. He hesitated, knowing that the truth would only hurt. How was he going to tell her that the best way for him to get what he wanted was to leave her?
It was their first date and she had been looking forward to it the entire week. She had her eyes on him for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme with several friends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the hint and asked her out. After all the time and effort she'd invested into it, she never thought that it would be anything but wonderful. It goes without saying that things didn't work out quite as she expected.
There was something special about this little creature. Donna couldn't quite pinpoint what it was, but she knew with all her heart that it was true. It wasn't a matter of if she was going to try and save it, but a matter of how she was going to save it. She went back to the car to get a blanket and when she returned the creature was gone.
All he could think about was how it would all end. There was still a bit of uncertainty in the equation, but the basics were there for anyone to see. No matter how much he tried to see the positive, it wasn't anywhere to be seen. The end was coming and it wasn't going to be pretty.
She wondered if the note had reached him. She scolded herself for not handing it to him in person. She trusted her friend, but so much could happen. She waited impatiently for word.
There wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention. It was the clouds. The deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came with these. She knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared.
Colours bounced around in her head. They mixed and threaded themselves together. Even colours that had no business being together. They were all one, yet distinctly separate at the same time. How was she going to explain this to the others?
My visit to a slum area after the rainy season was a sad affair. The pits were still full of rain water. There was mud all around. The polluted water had caused various diseases. There was no home without a sick person. Small children suffered from stomach troubles. The government should immediately rush to the help of the sufferers in the slum area.
Her mom had warned her. She had been warned time and again, but she had refused to believe her. She had done everything right and she knew she would be rewarded for doing so with the promotion. So when the promotion was given to her main rival, it not only stung, it threw her belief system into disarray. It was her first big lesson in life, but not the last.
Population means imbalance in atmosphere. Air gets polluted with the smoke from homes, factories and vehicles. Water gets polluted with city and factory wastes. Loud noise is causing sound pollution. Dilution in fact, spreads diseases and makes life hell on earth.
She didn't understand how change worked. When she looked at today compared to yesterday, there was nothing that she could see that was different. Yet, when she looked at today compared to last year, she couldn't see how anything was ever the same.
It was difficult to explain to them how the diagnosis of certain death had actually given him life. While everyone around him was in tears and upset, he actually felt more at ease. The doctor said it would be less than a year. That gave him a year to live, something he'd failed to do with his daily drudgery of a routine that had passed as life until then.
They rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need. There was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind. Everything was thrown into the car and they sped off. Thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all.
There was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe. All one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty. Yet Bob didn't see another option. He may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn't have. A choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly.
He looked at the sand. Picking up a handful, he wondered how many grains were in his hand. Hundreds of thousands? "Not enough," he said under his breath. I need more.
The wolves stopped in their tracks, sizing up the mother and her cubs. It had been over a week since their last meal and they were getting desperate. The cubs would make a good meal, but there were high risks taking on the mother Grizzly. A decision had to be made and the wrong choice could signal the end of the pack.
Water Pollution is the worst form of pollution. Our water gets polluted when city refuge mingles with river water. The factories drain their chemicals into nearby rivers. The drinking water has become a problem. There is a danger to animal life in water. Many species of fish have perished. The sooner the pollution is checked the better.
Eating raw fish didn't sound like a good idea. "It's a delicacy in Japan," didn't seem to make it any more appetizing. Raw fish is raw fish, delicacy or not.
She reached her goal, exhausted. Even more chilling to her was that the euphoria that she thought she'd feel upon reaching it wasn't there. Something wasn't right. Was this the only feeling she'd have for over five years of hard work?
Then came the night of the first falling star. It was seen early in the morning, rushing over Winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. Hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star. It seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him.
She didn't like the food. She never did. She made the usual complaints and started the tantrum he knew was coming. But this time was different. Instead of trying to placate her and her unreasonable demands, he just stared at her and watched her meltdown without saying a word.
I'm meant to be writing at this moment. What I mean is, I'm meant to be writing something else at this moment. The document I'm meant to be writing is, of course, open in another program on my computer and is patiently awaiting my attention. Yet here I am plonking down senseless sentiments in this paragraph because it's easier to do than to work on anything particularly meaningful. I am grateful for the distraction.
His parents continued to question him. He didn't know what to say to them since they refused to believe the truth. He explained again and again, and they dismissed his explanation as a figment of his imagination. There was no way that grandpa, who had been dead for five years, could have told him where the treasure had been hidden. Of course, it didn't help that grandpa was roaring with laughter in the chair next to him as he tried to explain once again how he'd found it.
Sitting in the sun, away from everyone who had done him harm in the past, he quietly listened to those who roamed by. He felt at peace in the moment, hoping it would last, but knowing the reprieve would soon come to an end. He closed his eyes, the sun beating down on face and he smiled. He smiled for the first time in as long as he could remember.
A tragedy took place yesterday when a Matador fell into a canal. The driver of the Matador tried to save an auto-rickshaw and lost control of the vehicle. About fifty students were travelling in it. The people from the nearby villages saved twenty-seven students. The dead bodies of the drowned were recovered. It was a very painful sight.
There was something in the tree. It was difficult to tell from the ground, but Rachael could see movement. She squinted her eyes and peered in the direction of the movement, trying to decipher exactly what she had spied. The more she peered, however, the more she thought it might be a figment of her imagination. Nothing seemed to move until the moment she began to take her eyes off the tree. Then in the corner of her eye, she would see the movement again and begin the process of staring again.
This is important to remember. Love isn't like pie. You don't need to divide it among all your friends and loved ones. No matter how much love you give, you can always give more. It doesn't run out, so don't try to hold back giving it as if it may one day run out. Give it freely and as much as you want.
It was a weird concept. Why would I really need to generate a random paragraph? Could I actually learn something from doing so? All these questions were running through her head as she pressed the generate button. To her surprise, she found what she least expected to see.
Here's the thing. She doesn't have anything to prove, but she is going to anyway. That's just her character. She knows she doesn't have to, but she still will just to show you that she can. Doubt her more and she'll prove she can again. We all already know this and you will too.
He was aware there were numerous wonders of this world including the unexplained creations of humankind that showed the wonder of our ingenuity. There are huge heads on Easter Island. There are the Egyptian pyramids. There's Stonehenge. But he now stood in front of a newly discovered monument that simply didn't make any sense and he wondered how he was ever going to be able to explain it.
Dave found joy in the daily routine of life. He awoke at the same time, ate the same breakfast and drove the same commute. He worked at a job that never seemed to change and he got home at 6 pm sharp every night. It was who he had been for the last ten years and he had no idea that was all about to change.
Greg understood that this situation would make Michael terribly uncomfortable. Michael simply had no idea what was about to come and even though Greg could prevent it from happening, he opted to let it happen. It was quite ironic, really. It was something Greg had said he would never wish upon anyone a million times, yet here he was knowingly letting it happen to one of his best friends. He rationalized that it would ultimately make Michael a better person and that no matter how uncomfortable, everyone should experience racism at least once in their lifetime.
It was going to rain. The weather forecast didn't say that, but the steel plate in his hip did. He had learned over the years to trust his hip over the weatherman. It was going to rain, so he better get outside and prepare.
What was beyond the bend in the stream was unknown. Both were curious, but only one was brave enough to want to explore. That was the problem. There was always one that let fear rule her life.
Spending time at national parks can be an exciting adventure, but this wasn't the type of excitement she was hoping to experience. As she contemplated the situation she found herself in, she knew she'd gotten herself in a little more than she bargained for. It wasn't often that she found herself in a tree staring down at a pack of wolves that were looking to make her their next meal.
It was just a burger. Why couldn't she understand that? She knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? She wasn't even supposed to have found out. Yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger.
If you can imagine a furry humanoid seven feet tall, with the face of an intelligent gorilla and the braincase of a man, you'll have a rough idea of what they looked like -- except for their teeth. The canines would have fitted better in the face of a tiger, and showed at the corners of their wide, thin-lipped mouths, giving them an expression of ferocity.
Sometimes there isn't a good answer. No matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense. And instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question. Why?
Barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes. It had been twenty long and excruciating minutes. David had promised that he would be on time today. He never was, but he had promised this one time. She had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise. Now she was paying the price.
He heard the loud impact before he ever saw the result. It had been so loud that it had actually made him jump back in his seat. As soon as he recovered from the surprise, he saw the crack in the windshield. It seemed to be an analogy of the current condition of his life.
Village life offers many pleasures. But it has its own limitations too. There are no big hospitals in the village. Good drinking water is scarce these days. Transport is a problem for villagers. Facilities for education are fewer. There are shortages of many necessary things needed in our daily life.
It had become a far too common event in her life. She has specifically placed the key to the box in a special place so that she wouldn't lose it and know exactly where it was when the key was needed. Now that she needed to open the box, she had absolutely no idea where that special spot she placed the key might be.
The alarm went off and Jake rose awake. Rising early had become a daily ritual, one that he could not fully explain. From the outside, it was a wonder that he was able to get up so early each morning for someone who had absolutely no plans to be productive during the entire day.
Green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy. Ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore. At least this was the way it was supposed to be. Something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway.
The chair sat in the corner where it had been for over 25 years. The only difference was there was someone actually sitting in it. How long had it been since someone had done that? Ten years or more he imagined. Yet there was no denying the presence in the chair now.
The cab arrived late. The inside was in as bad of shape as the outside which was concerning, and it didn't appear that it had been cleaned in months. The green tree air-freshener hanging from the rearview mirror was either exhausted of its scent or not strong enough to overcome the other odours emitting from the cab. The correct decision, in this case, was to get the hell out of it and to call another cab, but she was late and didn't have a choice.
It was a question of which of the two she preferred. On the one hand, the choice seemed simple. The more expensive one with a brand name would be the choice of most. It was the easy choice. The safe choice. But she wasn't sure she actually preferred it.
Sometimes it's simply better to ignore the haters. That's the lesson that Tom's dad had been trying to teach him, but Tom still couldn't let it go. He latched onto them and their hate and couldn't let it go, but he also realized that this wasn't healthy. That's when he came up with his devious plan.
Sometimes that's just the way it has to be. Sure, there were probably other options, but he didn't let them enter his mind. It was done and that was that. It was just the way it had to be.